META TAGS

<meta name="title" content=" ">
<meta name="description" content=" ">
<meta name="keywords" content=" ">
<meta name="robots" content="index, follow">
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8">
<meta name="language" content="English">
<meta name="revisit-after" content="10 days">
<meta name="author" content=" ">

SEO FEATURES

1. Meta page titles
Meta title tags are HTML elements that provide a brief and concise description of the content on a page to search engines.
2. Meta Descriptions
A meta description is an HTML element that provides a summary of the page’s content in search engine results pages (SERPs) and can help improve click-through rates.
3. Alt Tags on images
Alt tags describe an image’s content to search engines and are used by visually impaired users who use screen readers.
4. XML sitemap generation
An XML sitemap is a file that lists all the pages on your site and helps search engines crawl your site more efficiently.
5. Robots.txt file
A robots.txt file tells search engine crawlers which pages or sections of your site to exclude from indexing.
6. Canonical URLs
Canonical URLs help prevent duplicate content issues by telling search engines which version of a URL is the preferred one to index.




1. Responsive Design
A responsive design ensures that your website looks great on desktops, laptops, and any mobile device.
2. Contact Form
A contact form is an efficient way for potential customers to get in touch with you without having to leave your site.
3. Product Gallery
A product gallery showcases your products and allows customers to view them in detail before making a purchase.
4. Service Listing
A service listing provides detailed information about the services you offer which can attract potential customers.
5. Call to Action
A call to action encourages visitors to take specific actions like joining your newsletter or buying something.
6. Customer Testimonial section
A testimonials section displays positive feedback from satisfied customers which can help build trust in your brand and increase conversions.


CONTENT EATURES

7. Headings Hierarchy
A headings hierarchy helps organize your site or blog content, makes it easier for most visitors to skim through the page, and is essential for content marketing.
8. Bullet Points
Bullet points are an effective way to present information in a concise and easy-to-read format.
9. Internal Links
Internal links connect pages within your site and help visitors navigate seamlessly throughout your website.

10. Image optimization
Optimizing images for web use ensures that they load quickly without sacrificing quality.
11. Video integration
Video integration can improve engagement on your site by adding a dynamic element to your content.

12. Social Media sharing
Social media sharing buttons allow visitors to share your content on their social media accounts, increasing your reach and driving traffic back to your site.

HOME PAGE

13. Featured Products
A featured products section highlights your most popular or newest products and can entice visitors to explore further.
14. Company Values
Displaying your company values on the homepage helps build trust with visitors and gives them an idea of what your business stands for.
15. Latest News
Including a section for the latest news or updates shows that your business is active and keeps visitors informed about new developments.

16. Newsletter signup
A newsletter signup form allows visitors to subscribe to updates from your business and can help you build a loyal customer base.
17. Client logos Showcase
Showcasing logos of clients, you’ve worked with can help establish credibility and trust with potential customers who may recognize those brands.
   FOOTER	
18. Copyright notice
A copyright notice at the bottom of your website informs visitors that all content on the site is protected by copyright law.
19. Privacy Policy Link
Including a link to your privacy policy in the footer ensures that visitors have easy access to important information about how their data is collected and used.
20. Sitemap Link
A sitemap link in the footer provides an overview of all pages on your site and helps visitors find what they’re looking for quickly
21. Social Media Icons
Social media icons in the footer make it easy for visitors to connect with you on various social media platforms and stay up-to-date on news and updates
22. Contact Information
Displaying contact information such as a phone number or email address along with business hours in the footer allows visitors to get in touch with you easily.



23. Payment Options
If you sell products or services online, displaying accepted payment options in the footer can give visitors confidence that their transactions will be secure and convenient.



ABOUT

24. Team Member Bios
Introducing your team members with bios can help build trust with visitors and give them a sense of who they’ll be working with.
25. Company History
Providing a brief history of your company can show visitors how far you’ve come and establish credibility.
26. Mission Statement
A clear mission statement communicates your business’s purpose and values to visitors and can help attract like-minded customers
27. Awards and recognition
Displaying awards or recognition received by your business can help establish credibility and build trust with potential customers
28. Partnerships and Affiliations
Highlighting partnerships or affiliations with other organizations can demonstrate expertise in your industry and expand reach to new audiences.
29. Community involvements
Showcasing involvement in the community through sponsorships or volunteer work can demonstrate a commitment to social responsibility and create positive associations for your brand.

INNER PAGE

30. Relates articles
Displaying related articles on a page can encourage visitors to explore more content on your site and establish you as an authority in your industry.
31. Sidebar Navigation
A sidebar navigation menu makes it easy for visitors to navigate through different sections of a page without scrolling back to the top.
32. FAQ page or Section
An FAQ page section can answer common questions that customers may have and provide them with the information they need to make a purchase decision.


FEATURES TO AVOID

* Auto play videos
* Too many pop-ups
* Complicated Navigation
* Slow load times
* Small fonts
* Broken links
* Background music

10 FEATURES

1. Easy to navigate menu
2. Include search bar
3. Consistently Publish New Content
4. Make Calls to Action
5. Publish Powerful Testimonials
6. Add Social Media Links to your Footer
7. Use Clean design
8. Mobile responsive
9. Apply SEO 
10. Use images and videos
